Multi-dimensional indexes (#633)
arangodb/docs: 3.8/indexing-multi-dim.md

has to be a double value. (See limitations)

### Querying documents within a 3D box

Assume we have documents in a collection `points` of the form

    {x: 12.9, y: -284.0, z: 0.02}

and we want to query all documents that contained within a box defined by

    [x0, x1] * [y0, y1] * [z0, z1].

To do so one creates a multi-dimensional index on the attributes `x`, `y` and `z`:

    db.collection.ensureIndex({
        type: "zkd",
        fields: ["x", "y", "z"],
        fieldValueTypes: "double"
    });

Unlike for other indexes the order of the fields does not matter. `fieldValueTypes` is required and
future extensions of the index will allow different values. However, for now `double` is the only
allowed value.

Now we can use the index in a query

    FOR p IN points
        FILTER x0 <= p.x && p.x <= x1
        FILTER y0 <= p.y && p.y <= y1
        FILTER z0 <= p.z && p.z <= z1
        RETURN p

### Possible range queries

Having an index on a set of fields does not require you to specify a full range
for every dimension. For each dimension you can decide if you want to only bound
it from one side (i.e. only an upper or lower bound) or not bound it at all.

> Futhermore you can use any comparsion operator. The index supports `<=` and `>=`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore you can use any comparison operator. The index supports `<=` and `>=`
```

naturally, `==` will be translated to the bound `[c, c]`. Strict comparsion

> is translated to they non-strict counterparts and a post-filter is inserted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is translated to their non-strict counterparts and a post-filter is inserted.
```
